# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2021-10-22 @ 1830 UTC

Moderator: dialweb6
Note Taker: Kadino

## General Discussion

* Reviewer + Maintainer status in GitHub is separate from SIG membership. Steps are different for users who were not initially set up. Does anyone need to actively pursue getting this status approved?
  * Scott M to look at messaging to raise awareness of newer policy. Likely post in Discord SIG-Testing, send e-mail

* Bug Triage and process
  * There's an overall triage across the SIGs drien by SIG-Release
  * SIG-Testing Issues are currently stagnant, need to look at these
  * Want to avoid overloading existing meeting with Triage
    * Perhaps biweekly on the weeks that this meeting is not currently meeting?
  * Dialweb06 to schedule

* Nightly run investigation ownership
  * Have had internal Amazon ownership due to infrastructure hurdles, but need to hand this off to SIGs
    * Eventually handed off to SIGs, but needs to be handled internally by Amazon until available in public O3DE infrastructure
    * Candence of these tests may not be Nightly when O3DE infrastructure starts running them, depending on infrastructure cost
  * Do not want to couple ownership of this with future automation requirements
  * Currently losing development hours on test tools investigating other teams' tests
  * Should not need to tell others to make sure their own tests stay passing
    * May be notification gaps, but these gaps should be automated
    * Prefer to have SIG's own their tests, and request support from us through feature requests.
  * Responsibility is across all build jobs, asset jobs, test jobs
  * Automation to make a best guess on failure ownership is a future goal

* In the last meeting, we discussed impact of trace:error and trace:asserts, is this being tracked?
  * Discussing with David K on how to track / write this up. Jckand and jrom to discuss further.
