# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2021-11-05 @ 1830 UTC

Moderator: Kadino
Note Taker: Kadino

## Assigning Discord roles

Most roles are tags that can be self-assigned in Discord in channel "roles-tags" by replying to the bot's posts

## Flaky Tests in Jenkins

* Test failures in branch update runs, ownership of these bugs.
* Documentation gap in O3DE, many processes in Amazon-internal wikis, need to move this into O3DE docs.  Workflow on intermittent failures and handling autocut issues.
* Maintainer documentation exists in SIG repos, no central place for maintainer documentation.
  * It "has a home" but ends up spread across all SIGs, the user story around this is unclear
  * Clarify this issue with SIG-Docs
* Ownership of autocut bugs: in the short term, dialweb6 driving habits into GHI tickets instead of chat conversations.
* Sandbox suite, tests have been left there for many months.
* Need to set a policy, and clarify the policy
* Need automation to remove stale tests from Sandbox

### Intermittent Test Policy

* In review at https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/pull/14/files
  * Are we simply disabling these tests? Cannot allow pipeline to be red for that long
  * Adding to sandbox will create a resource drain on EC2 instances, need policy to clean sandbox
    * Had planned to rely on Metrics system for tests being in Sandbox, but O3DE may not adopt current metrics system.

## Potential testing features for 2022

This is separate from bug fixes and documentation improvements, plan to develop these into RFC proposals for further discussion on requirements. Today this is being used to help start conversation on features that SIG-Testing should plan.

* GitHub Codeowners and automated ownership hinting/assignment
* Code Coverage Reports in Jenkins
* Static Analysis Reports in Jenkins
* Editor Event Synchronization to improve in-editor tests
* In-Game Test Harness
* Overhaul Python-based testing on Mac

Going to open discussion for additonal suggestions, but anyone is welcome to instead make feature suggestions in SIG-Testing chat or as a GitHub issue.

* Key feature - ability to query AssetProcessor status in tests
  * Some of this exists within PyTest level, but I want this in the Python-editor-bindings level.
    * What exists is also a bit difficult to use (clarify requirements and user story)
  * Is an asset available, done processing, can it be used yet?
* A lot of tests that wait on blind timeouts, need to change toward more event-driven tests.
* Linux open source code coverage tools exist as part of Clang, which do not require modifying binaries to instrument
* Expanded support for Performance Testing particularly for game-launchers, editor
* Very few tests target launcher
* More runtime testability
* Dynamic code analysis

## Python-based tests on Linux

* Currently waiting on infrastructural updates to unblock onboarding to Automated Review
* Found an in-editor issue with certain Python libraries on Linux, where compiled Python packages are failing to load only inside the editor
  * Tests are currently not a release-requirement, but important to set up
    * May be required by April/May of 2022.
* Platforms in general: would be nice to see an easier way to specify if tests run on a particular platform, e.g. Certain tests failing in Debug
  * Previous use of parameterization was useful

## General Discussion

* Nomination for reviewer status - approved, but the management of GitHub is not currently accessible by anyone in this SIG.
  * Need to follow up with administrators/SIG-Governance to clarify the story around managing O3DE vs SIG membership.
* Documentation is a good path for customer engagement, SIG-Docs is very stretched  
  * They are best used to review, other SIGs should be adding/proposing changes
* Most new active users in Discord are posting in support channels, not as contributors (this seems natural)
* Can you sandbox or disable C++ tests?
  * Yes. Easy to disable a single test or whole module, but less easy to change suites, needs to be in its own C++ library to register separately
    * To clarify in documentation
* AMZN-Dk to schedule issue triage meeting. Will result in alternating Triage and Discussion meetings on Fridays
