# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2022-06-28 @ 1800 UTC

* Moderator: Kadino
* Note Taker: Kadino

## SIG Updates

* Tony B update in SIG chat channel related to early ad hoc testing, which is primarily directed toward each other SIGs' areas of ownership.
  * May be requests from other SIGs to consult about existing automation, or ad hoc habit suggestions

## Roundtable Discussion

### AR Red

* Not currently red, after 20-30 hours of red.
* Have seen log lines somehow not being captured by log monitor, intermittent log capture issue
  * Log tailing are known to be fragile, and tests have moved to internally capturing logs
  * Multiplayer may not be able to move away from logmonitor tool, like other tools have been able to
* Lots of complaining with no tickets being logged or acted upon
  * If you see failures, act on them
* Should be helped by the Intermittent Failure RFC
* Have seen batched tests failing, what has changed?
  * Amount of batched tests has increased, due to parallel editor failures
  * Some teams are grouping tests into smallish batches
* Pressure on getting dev back to green, many SIGs have had to disable their intermittent tests. Is there a way to make sure these groups re-enable their tests?
  * RFC cocmment about difference between intermittent bugs and intermittent tests
    * Difficult to automatically detect the root cause
    * Currently left to humans to clarify root cause
  * Disabling other SIGs' tests should notify through github code ownership
    * Moving to periodic or sandbox is currently similar to disabling
  * Tests are a pressure valve for reducing bugs

### Moving PySide utils out of AutomatedTesting

* Want to be able to share this in other projects, in gems that can be used elsewhere
  * PySide utils should live in a shared location, possibly in QtForPython gem
    * Not all of editor test tools should move to QtForPython ...though those depend on EditorPythonBindings, which may be a proper location.
  * Suggest considering reducing dependencies of the other new gem, perhaps the gem is an appropriate location for some of the utilities?
  * Moving tools will likely break imports, though they could be fixed in the same pull request
    * May need to modify the cmakelists for the gem, to install python dependencies into the editor
      * This could resolve current classpath fixups being used in tests
  * Recommend writing an RFC to clarify approach
    * May affect many dependent tests and tools, RFC is a good way to commnicate wider

### Edits without notification

* Related to introduction of circular import in editor entity utils by prefab team
  * Introduced in impactful change that was pushed through
* Touched all test automation, changed simple calls into a dependency on their modules
  * Got pushback recently when trying to change away from their dependency
* Super broad imports, importing everything in new dependency
* Two code reviews from any authorized reviewers of any team allows submitting code
  * Github can be configured for Codeowners to require signoff from maintainers
    * Would slow down pull request process, at the benefit of preventing changing another SIG's code with only teammate approval
* Perhaps write a local workspace script for watching for file changes?

## Action Items

* ChrisG to write RFC on moving PySide utils
