# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2022-07-26 @ 1800 UTC

* Moderator: Kadino
* Note Taker: Kadino

## SIG Updates

* SIG Roadmap for remainder of 2022 was briefly discussed during last meeting. Our notable milestones include:
  * Test Tools / Jenkins Debugging Improvements
  * EditorTest Enhancements
  * MaterialEditor test tools
  * Public Metrics Dashboard
    * Intermittent Failure Alarms
  * Guide for promoting "Last Known Good" builds
  * GameLauncher test tools (RFC only)
* The roadmap is not an extensive list, but only a few largest high-priority milestones with developers already committing time
  * Independent work on other testing features is always encouraged!

## Roundtable Discussion

### Should SIG-Testing own modifying the editor to stay parallelizeable?

* Preventing race conditions across the product is a massively complex scope, which will constantly be adding new intermittent issues
* Parallel editors doesn't seem like a customer-relevant feature, only testing relevant
  * Can help find race conditions between common libraries, such as between Editor and MaterialEditor
    * These generally aren't functional tests, more similar to a soak test
    * Need improved failure reporting, primarily related stacktraces and event tracking
  * Can help developers locally run tests faster, when the run tests
* Risk/investment vs reward?
  * Other instability may be more imprortant to track
* Soak testing via MSVS may help expose, as it provides more reporting hooks
  * Can the same debugger information be saved in the pipeline?
  * Can the debugger be automatically attached?
  * Set up automation to simplify local soak testing.
* Focus first on increasing general stability, which can work toward parallel-specific stability

### Ubuntu testing requirements

* Recent vague request to investigate Ubuntu tests
  * We do automatically test on Linux, but the functionality of Linux applciation security is out of scope

### How can we do outreach to other SIGs?

* Our tenets are a bit hidden away, how can we clarify what we own and do not own
* Goal would be to clarify what SIGs own and how we can help
  * Can help provide, improve, or take ownership of shared test tools
  * Can help determine their level of risk / risk-acceptance
* What is our approach here?
  * Attend meetings of other SIGs, to help clarify - meetings are listed in O3DE calendar
  * Could clarify in text channel
  * Designate ambassador to other SIGs?
* Should communicate what's in our charter, as well as a simplfied version of what it means

## Action Items

* Kadino: How can SIG be more inclusive of those other timezones, such as a SIG-Testing meeting at another time of day?
  * Discord text-chat and GitHub Issues already allow asynchronous communication
  * Additional synchronous meetings may be requested via Discord at any time!
* Kadino: Create tasks for instability-fighting approaches, mentioned above
* Kadino: Cut task for dk to own for defining proactive outreach to SIGs, mentioned above
