# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2022-08-09 @ 1800 UTC

* Moderator: Kadino
* Note Taker: Kadino

## SIG Updates

* Should RFCs get created as pull requests? Noticed SIG-Build does this.
  * PR has a better interface for feedback and approval.
  * Also helps us save them into repo as documents, instead of as old GHIs.
* Discussed with Release SIG on testing ownership, working on outreach to other SIGs to clarify test maintenance and ownership.

## Roundtable Discussion

### Reviews for Pull Requests

* Reviews can be slow, untimely
  * Can be difficult to get enough reviews
  * Can try to be more vocal, but pinging people doesn't always work
  * Can we better evangelize reviews? Discord bot? Sub-channel/thread for reviews?
    * Call outs at meetings? Both at Triage and at SIG-proceedings meetings?
* Reviews can also pass relatively quickly, requiring two ship votes, without proper review
  * CODEOWNERS only notifies, does not gate for reviews
  * Pointing toward a best practice, not enforcing it

## RFC on [Debuggability Metrics](https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/issues/47)

* May want to simplify this to collecting user feedback

## Action Items

* Kadino: Move previous RFCs to be PRs, and update RFC guidance/templates
* Scott M: Start a Discord thread for posting PRs for feedback
* Scott M: Cut issues to request moving/standardizing shared testing utilities
