# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2022-08-23 @ 1800 UTC

* Moderator: Kadino
* Note Taker: Kadino

## SIG Updates

* O3DE was updated to use Python 3.10, appears to be cleanly applied
  * If you see any suspicious test or reporting behavior, please [cut issues to SIG-Testing](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/new/choose)!

## Roundtable Discussion

### (No topics this week!)

## RFC on Debuggability Metrics

* There was significant review on https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/issues/47 which was moved to https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/pull/49
* UX SIG's experiments currently target creation of content the editor, not debugging or automated review.
  * DK to discuss this with SIG-UI-UX
* Recommend dividing up into separate tasks for:
  * Metrics
  * Outreach to SIGs
  * Poll Contributors

## Action Items

* DK: Reach out to SIG-UI-UX to discuss adding debugging an issue and/or using Automated Review to the "Rev the Engine"
* Kadino + ScottS: Update RFC to be more specific and incorporate feedback, and/or cut as separate issues.
