# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2022-12-13 @ 1900 UTC

* Moderator: dk
* Note Taker: dk

## SIG Updates

* No major announcements.

## RFCs

### [Test Impact Framework](https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/issues/53)

* This RFC has been officially closed and will forward.

## Roundtable Discussion

### Tabs validation issues - Mike (Amazon)
* There have been numerous issues with tabs validation where it has been necessary to convert tabs to spaces
* Not sure the full impact for Testing SIG but if you have any code that gets these failures you will need to convert tabs to spaces

### Upcomding SIG roadmap - dk (Amazon)
* Working with other SIGs we will be creating a Testing SIG roadmap for 2023 using issues and labels
* Will likely host a roadmap review in place of a regular Testing SIG meeting 1/month
* More information will come out when process is rolled out

### Discord BOT improvements - fuzzy (Amazon)
* Fuzzy brought up that there are several other discord bots which handle scheduling, reporting and calling for meetings that could be helpful
* Will look to bring more information on these bots for discussion with LF for inclusion in our server

### Meeting time for 2023 - jckand (Amazon)
* With the new year it would be good to host another poll and vote for when to host SIG Testing meetings.
* We will add this to the agenda for next meeting

### Hydra Deprecation work - jckand (Amazon)
* Overall goal is to remove Hydra framework as most, if not all, of the utils are duplicated in multi-test framework and tools. jckand will confirm this
* SIGs will be contacted and asked to perform a review on their tests to understand which are still using Hydra and to give a timeline for when they would be able to remove reliance on Hydra from their tests
* We won't lose any functionality from Hydra as the plan is to ensure all utils and functions are ported over to other tools before shutting down Hydra

### Component behaviors library - fuzzy (Amazon)
* Fuzzy has written a component behaviors library for the physx collider component, he is going to be working on writing up a RFC to extend this to work with all components in an auto-generated manner

### No additional topics

## Action Items
* None
