# SIG-Testing meeting notes from 2023-02-21 @ 2200 UTC

* Moderator: Kadino
* Note Taker: Kadino

## SIG Updates

* RFCs are in progress to define more of a roadmap
  * Plenty of less-plannable work still expected to come from bug fixes

## Roundtable Discussion

### No roundtable topics today

## RFCs

### [Moving editor_entity_utils](https://github.com/o3de/sig-testing/issues/67)

* First isolate from Python and Gem dependencies to simplify deprecation
  * Report.info() is used, which is specific to EditorTest, may be worth simplifying to print
  * Pulled into prefab utils, which was previously creating a circular import
* Discoverability is still an issue, even if it living in this Gem
  * Can add Documentation which points to examples in AutomatedTesting, URDF Exporter Gem
  * Gem JSON could also be updated
* Additional files such as asset_utils and other dependencies may be good candidates to move
* This RFC is accepted and can move forward 

### [SIG-Build AR Redesign](https://github.com/o3de/sig-build/issues/77)

* Impact to time on slower, cheaper runners could create contributor pain
  * Existing intermittent failures multiply existing time impact
* Merge queues could be good, helping catch the interleaved merges to dev
  * If it batches across multiple marked-ready PRs
  * Unclear how merge queues would work with the existing GitHub workflow
* May be appropriate to allow SIG maintainers bypass AR gating by providing local test results
  * Builds will still trigger after merge, which notify in Buildstatus

### [In-Engine Testing](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043958341861376/1075581974728671342)

* OUTATIME - let's review outside this meeting and discuss later

## Action Items

* ChrisG: Clarify editor_entity_utils changes with SIG-Content
* Reviewers: Review [In-Engine Testing RFC](https://discord.com/channels/805939474655346758/816043958341861376/1075581974728671342)
